docs: what is environment (#3080)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/environments.mdx

Rsbuild supports building outputs for multiple environments at the same time. You can use [environments](/config/environments) to build multiple environments in parallel and set a different Rsbuild config for each environment.

## What is environment

> Rsbuild supports building outputs for multiple different environments at the same time. In Rsbuild, `environment` can be set according to different usage scenarios. For example, there will be different usage scenarios under different targets, such as client-side rendering (client) and server-side rendering (SSR);In addition, there will be different usage scenarios under the same target, such as server-side rendering (SSR) and React Server Components (RSC). In previous builds, these scenarios often required multiple configurations to be defined and completed through multiple builds. Now, multiple environments can be built in one Rsbuild build through the `environment` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `environment` refers to the runtime environment for build output. Common environments include browsers, Node.js, and Workers. Rsbuild allows you to define any environment names and set build options for each environment individually.

A typical scenario is server-side rendering (SSR). You can define two environments, `web` and `node`, where the build targets ([output.target](/config/output/target)) are `web` and `node`. These are used for client-side rendering (CSR) and server-side rendering (SSR) scenarios.

You can also define different environments for the same build target, for example:

- Define `rsc` and `ssr` environments, both targeting `node`, used separately for React Server Components and SSR.
- Define `desktop` and `mobile` environments, both targeting `web`, used separately for desktop and mobile browsers.

Without the `environments` configuration, you would need to define multiple configurations for these scenarios and run multiple independent Rsbuild builds. Now, with the `environments` configuration, you can complete the build for multiple outputs in a single Rsbuild run (Rsbuild achieves this using Rspack's `MultiCompiler`).
```

> Each `environment` in Rsbuild is associated with an Rsbuild configuration, an Rspack configuration and a build product. Users can track the Rsbuild processing process through the `environment` name, such as modifying the Rsbuild / Rspack configuration, adding or deleting plugins, adjusting rules or getting product information, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rsbuild, each `environment` is associated with an Rsbuild configuration, an Rspack configuration, and a set of build outputs. Rsbuild plugin developers can customize the build process for a specified environment based on the `environment` name, such as modifying Rsbuild or Rspack configurations, registering or removing plugins, adjusting Rspack rules, and viewing assets information.
```
